Why is the people of the Hoh Kouing family so hopeful?
This Hoh Kouing family is so proud of its independence.
Why must they make the people of the Hoh Kouing family
go through the death row?
Why?
I want this kind of voice.
It's not just me.
It's the voice of the people in front and behind.
But I can't speak out loud.
But when I reach the place where the people cry,
this voice can be heard.
If you ask me why I come to the place where the people cry,
I'm here because I'm a person who has a strong heart.
The people are watching.
I'm not lucky enough to suffer with them.
Why am I not here?
What do I want to do if I come?
I want to connect the voices of the people
and the voices of the people in front and behind.
I want to connect the voices of the people and the voices of the people in front and behind.
I'll ask you another question.
Why did I lose my freedom when I reached the place where the people cry?
If I say that I'm in the Hoh Kouing family,
I won't be able to get freedom.
And since I've made up my mind to come to this place,
I can't get freedom.
I don't understand this.
I'll die if I don't get freedom.
I don't know.
I'm always preparing to take my life and take it back.
I'll take my freedom and take it back.
What is freedom?
Freedom to speak in the middle.
Freedom to speak in the middle of the river in Hong Kong.
Who says that?
I've already asked the above two questions.
Now I'll tell you what my question is.
Everyone wants to get freedom.
How can we achieve this?
This question seems very difficult.
But it's very simple.
Why?
As long as we have a strong grip on the people of our country,
and we're stronger than them,
and they're willing to listen to the talk of the great Asianism,
Japan has already declared a peace.